README.md, before:

# Game of Life

According to [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Conway%27s_Game_of_Life), Game of Life is a zero-player game, meaning that its evaluation is determined by its initial state, requiring no further input.

## UX

The rules are in [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Conway%27s_Game_of_Life).

### User Stories

As a user, when I first arrive at the game, it will randomly generate a board and start playing.

As a user, I can start and stop the board.

As a user, I can set up the board.

As a user, I can clear the board.

As a user, when I press start the game will play out.

As a user, I can see how many generations have gone by, every time the board changes.

## Features

The ability to start and stop the board.  Also to set up and clear the board.  See how many generations have gone by.

## Technologies

Uses HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript and React 17.0.2.

## Testing

Ensure all the user stories have been met.

## Credits

### Content

Did a Google Search on `freecodecamp game of life` and found the article from [Pablo Regen](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/coding-the-game-of-life-with-react-7de2385b7356/).  This includes the link to the GitHub Repository of Game of Life. All have been
accessed on August 2021.

### Acknowledgements

- [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Conway%27s_Game_of_Life)
- [FreeCodeCamp](https://www.freecodecamp.org)
- [Pablo Regen - GitHub Repository](https://github.com/PabloRegen/game-of-life)

Commit message:

Added deployment information at README.md

README.md, after:

# Game of Life

According to [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Conway%27s_Game_of_Life), Game of Life is a zero-player game, meaning that its evaluation is determined by its initial state, requiring no further input.

## UX

The rules are in [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Conway%27s_Game_of_Life).

### User Stories

As a user, when I first arrive at the game, it will randomly generate a board and start playing.

As a user, I can start and stop the board.

As a user, I can set up the board.

As a user, I can clear the board.

As a user, when I press start the game will play out.

As a user, I can see how many generations have gone by, every time the board changes.

## Features

The ability to start and stop the board.  Also to set up and clear the board.  See how many generations have gone by.

## Technologies

Uses HTML5, CSS3, Google Fonts, JavaScript and React 17.0.2.

## Testing

Ensure all the user stories have been met.

## Deployment

Enter the command `cd game` and then `npm start` to begin development.

Go to package.json and add `"homepage":"https://derektypist.github.io/game-of-life"`.  Within scripts, add
`"predeploy":"npm run build","deploy":"gh-pages -d build"`.  Still in `game` type `npm run deploy`, when asked enter username and password.

Deployed on [GitHub Pages](https://derektypist.github.io/game-of-life) at the main branch.

## Credits

### Content

Did a Google Search on `freecodecamp game of life` and found the article from [Pablo Regen](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/coding-the-game-of-life-with-react-7de2385b7356/).  This includes the link to the GitHub Repository of Game of Life. All have been
accessed on August 2021.

### Acknowledgements

- [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Conway%27s_Game_of_Life)
- [FreeCodeCamp](https://www.freecodecamp.org)
- [Pablo Regen - GitHub Repository](https://github.com/PabloRegen/game-of-life)
